All that is beautiful （中）

第十一篇： 
a forever friend 
永远的朋友 

a friend walk in when the rest of the world walks out. 
别人都走开的时候，朋友仍与你在一起。” 

sometimes in life, 
有时候在生活中， 

you find a special friend; 
你会找到一个特别的朋友; 

someone who changes your life just by being part of it. 
他只是你生活中的一部分内容，却能改变你整个的生活。 

someone who makes you laugh until you can't stop; 
他会把你逗得开怀大笑； 

someone who makes you believe that there really is good in the world. 
他会让你相信人间有真情。 

someone who convinces you that there really is an unlocked door just 

waiting for you to open it. 
他会让你确信，真的有一扇不加锁的门，在等待着你去开启。 

this is forever friendship. 
这就是永远的友谊。 

when you're down, 
当你失意， 

and the world seems dark and empty, 
当世界变得黯淡与空虚， 

your forever friend lifts you up in spirits and makes that dark and 

empty world 
suddenly seem bright and full. 
你真正的朋友会让你振作起来，原本黯淡、空虚的世界顿时变得明亮和充实。 

your forever friend gets you through the hard times,the sad times,and 

the confused times. 
你真正的朋友会与你一同度过困难、伤心和烦恼的时刻。 

if you turn and walk away, 
你转身走开时， 

your forever friend follows, 
真正的朋友会紧紧相随， 

if you lose you way, 
你迷失方向时， 

your forever friend guides you and cheers you on. 
真正的朋友会引导你，鼓励你。 

your forever friend holds your hand and tells you that everything is 

going to be okay. 
真正的朋友会握着你的手，告诉你一切都会好起来的。 

and if you find such a friend, 
如果你找到了这样的朋友， 

you feel happy and complete, 
你会快乐，觉得人生完整， 

because you need not worry, 
因为你无需再忧虑。 

your have a forever friend for life, 
你拥有了一个真正的朋友， 

and forever has no end. 
永永远远，永无止境。 

第十二篇 
the cobbler and the banker 
la fontaine拉.封丹 
皮匠和银行家 

a cobbler passed his time in singing from morning till night;it was 

wonderful to see,wonderful to hear him;he was 

more contented in shoes,than was any of the seven sages.his neighbor,on 

the contrary,who was rolling in wealth,sung 

but little and slept less.he was a banker;when by chance he fell into a 

doze at day-break,the cobbler awoke him with 

his song.the banker complained sadly that providence had not made sleep 

a saleable commodity,like edibles or 

drinkables.having at length sent for the songster,he said to him,how 

much a year do you earn,master gregory 

how much a year,sirsaid the merry cobbler laughing,i have reckon in 

that way,living as i do from one day to 

another;somehow i manage to reach the end of the year;each day brings 

its meal. 

well then!how much a day do you earn,my friend 

sometimes more,sometimes less;but the worst of it is,-and,without that 

our earnings would be very tolerable,-a 

number of days occur in the year on which we are forbidden to work;and 

the curate,moreover,is constantly adding some 

new saint to the list. 

the banker,laughing at his simplicity,said,in the future i shall place 

you above want.take this hundred 

crowns,preserve them carefully,and make use of them in time of need. 

the cobbler fancied he beheld all the wealth which the earth had 

produced in the past century for the use of 

mankind.returning home,he buried his money and his happiness at the 

same time,no more singin;he lost his voice,the 

moment he acquired that which is the source of so much grief.sleep 

quitted his dwelling;and cares,suspicions,and 

false alarms took its place,all day,his eye wandered in the direction 

of his treasure;and at night,if some stray cat 

made a noise,the cat was robbing him.at length the poor man ran to the 

house of his rich neighbor;give my back. 

said he,sleep and my voice,and take your hundred crowns. 

一个皮匠从早到晚在唱歌中度过。无论见到他本人或听见他的歌声都使人觉得很

愉快。他对于制鞋工作比当上了希腊七对还要满足。 

与此相反，他的邻居是个银行家，拥有万贯家财，却很少唱歌，晚上也睡得不好

。他偶尔在黎明时分迷迷糊糊刚入睡，皮匠的歌声便 

于工作把他吵醒了。银行家郁郁寡欢地抱怨上帝没有睡眠也制成一种像食品或饮

料那样可以买卖的商品。后来，银行家就叫人把这位 

歌手请来，问道：“格列戈里师傅，你一年赚多少钱？” 

“先生，你问我一年赚多少钱吗？”快乐的皮匠笑道：“我从来不算这笔帐，我

是一天一天地过日子，总而言之坚持到年底，每天挣足 

三餐。” 

“啊，朋友，那么你一天赚多少钱呢？” 

“有时多一点，有时少一点；不过最糟糕的是一年中总有些日子不准我们做买卖

，牧师又常常在圣徒名单上添新名字，否则我们的收 

入也还算不错的。” 

银行家被皮匠的直率逗笑了，他说：“我要你从今以后不愁没钱用。这一百枚钱

你拿去，小心放好，需要时拿来用吧。” 

皮匠觉自己好像看到了过去几百年来大地为人类所需而制造出来的全部财富。他

回到家中，埋藏好硬币，同时也埋葬了他的快乐。他 

不再唱歌了；从他得到这种痛苦的根源那一刻起，他的嗓子就哑了。睡眠与他分

手；取而代之的却是担心、怀疑、虚惊。白天，他的 

目光尽朝埋藏硬币的方向望；夜间，如果有只迷途的猫弄出一点声响，他就以为

是有人来抢他的钱。最后，这个可怜的皮匠跑到他那 

富有的邻居家里说：“把你的一百枚钱拿回去，还我的睡眠和歌声来。” 

第十三篇： 
a greek to remember 
一位值得纪念的希腊人 

diogenes was a famous greek philosopher of the fourth century b.c.,who 

established the philosophy of cynicism.he 

often walked about in the daytime holding a lighted lantern,peering 

around as if he were looking for something.when 

auestioned about his odd behavior,he would reply,i am searching for an 

honest man. 

diogenes held that the good man was self-sufficient and did not require 

material comforts or wealth.he believed that 

wealth and possessions constrained humanity's natural state of 

freedom.in keeping with his philosophy,he was 

perefectly satisfied with making his home in a large tub discarded from 

the temple of cybele,the goddess of nature. 

this earthen tub,called a pithos,and formerly been used for holding 

wine or oil for the sacrifices at the temple. 

one day,alexander the great ,conqueror of half the civilized world,saw 

diogenes sitting in this tub in the sunshine 

.so the king,surrounded by his countries,approached diogenes and said,i 

am alexander the great.the philosopher 

replied rather contemptuously,i am diogenes,the cynic.alexander then 

asked him if he could help him in any way. 

yes,shot back diogenes,don't stand between me and the sun.a surprised 

alexander then replied quickly,if i were 

not alexander,i would be diogenes. 

提奥奇尼斯是公元前四世纪一位著名的希腊哲学家,就是他创立了犬儒派哲学。他

经常在白天点着灯笼四处走动、张望，像是在找什 

么东西似的。哪人们问起他这古怪行为时，他会回答说：“我正在寻找正人君子

。” 

提奥奇尼斯认为好人是自给自足的，不需要物质享受和财富。他认为财富、财产

束缚了人们天生的自由状态。与他的哲学相一致，他 

拿一个从别人从自然之母的庙里丢弃的大坛作为自己的家，还对此万分满意。这

个陶制的大坛叫做圣坛，过去在庙里是用来盛装祭祀 

用的酒和油的。 

一天，征服了半个文明世界的亚历山大大帝看见提奥奇尼斯坐在大坛里晒太阳。

于是这位君主在大臣们的簇拥下走过去，对提奥奇尼 

斯说：“我是亚历山大大帝。”哲学家相当傲慢地回答说：“我是提奥奇尼斯―

―――犬儒学者。”然后亚历山大问他是否需要任何帮助。“ 

是的”，提奥奇尼斯驳回道，“别站在我和太阳之间。”大吃一惊的亚历大继而

迅速回答道：“假如我不是亚历山大，我就会是提奥奇斯。” 

第十四篇： 

friends 
朋友 

a true friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your 

heart. 
真正的朋友是一个可以援手帮助并感动你心扉的人。 

there's always going to be people that hurt you,so what you have to do 

is keep on trusting and just be more careful about who you trust next 

time around. 
别人常常伤害你，所以你该继续付出信任，并小心挑选你下次信任的人。 

make youself a better person and know who you are before you try and 

know someone else and expect them to know you. 
在你想了解别人也想让别人了解你之前，先完善并了解自己。 

rememberwhatever happens,happens for a reason. 
要记住：任何事情的发生都有因有起。 

how many people actually have 8 true friendshardly anyone i know.but 

some of us have all right friends and good friends. 
有多少人可以拥有八个真正的朋友？就我所知少之又少。但我们会有泛泛之交和

好友。 

第十五篇： 
the more loving one 
让我们成为更有爱心的人 
w.h.audenw.h.奥登 
looking up at the stars, i know quite well 仰望群星的时分，我一清二楚， 
that, for all they care, i can go to hell, 尽管它们关怀备至，我亦有可能

赴地府， 
but on earth indifference is the least 可是尘世间我们丝毫不必畏惧 
we have to dread from man or beast. 人类或禽兽的那份冷漠。 

how should we like it were stars to burn 倘若群星燃烧着关怀我们的激情， 
with a passion for us we could not return 我们却无法回报，我们作何感想

？ 
if equal affection cannot be, 倘若无法产生同样的感情， 
let the more loving one be me. 让我成为更有爱心的人。 

admirer as i think i am 尽管我自视为群星的崇拜者， 
of stars that do not give a damn, 它们满不在乎， 
i cannot, now i see them ,say 现在我看群星，我却难以启齿， 
i missed one terribly all day. 说我成天思念一颗星星。 

were all stars to disappear or die 倘若所有的星星消失或者消亡， 
i should learn to look at an empty sky 我应该学会仰望空荡的天空， 
and feel its total dark sublime, 同时感受天空一片漆黑的崇高， 
though this might take me a little time. 虽然这样可能要花费一点时间。

第十六篇： 
if i were a boy again 
假如我又回到了童年 
anonymous无名氏 

if i were a boy again, i would practice perseverance more often, and 

never give up a thing because it was or inconvenient. if we want light, 

we must conquer darkness. perseverance can sometimes equal genius in 

its results. “there are only two creatures,” syas a proverb, “who 

can surmount the pyramids―the eagle and the snail.” 
if i were a boy again, i would school myself into a habit of attention; 

i would let nothing come between me and the subject in hand. i would 

remember that a good skater never tries to skate in two directions at 

once. 
the habit of attention becomes part of our life, if we begain early 

enough. i often hear grown up people say “ i could not fix my 

attention on the sermon or book, although i wished to do so” , and the 

reason is, the habit was not formed in youth. 
if i were to live my life over again, i would pay more attention to the 

cultivation of the memory. i would strengthen that faculty by every 

possible means, and on every possible occasion. it takes a little hard 

work at first to remember things accurately; but memory soon helps 

itself, and gives very little trouble. it only needs early cultivation 

to become a power. 
假如我又回到了童年，我做事要更有毅力，决不因为事情艰难或者麻烦而撒手不

干，我们要光明，就得征服黑暗。 
毅力在效果上有时能同天才相比。俗话说：“能登上金字塔的生物，只有两种―

―鹰和蜗牛。” 
假如我又回到了童年，我就要养成专心致志的习惯；有事在手，就决不让任何东

西让我分心。我要牢记：优秀的滑冰手从不试图同时滑向两个不同的方向。 
如果及早养成这种专心致志的习惯，它将成为我们生命的一部分。我常听成年人

说：“虽然我希望能集中注意听牧师讲道或读书，但往往做不到。”而原因就是

年轻时没有养成这种习惯。 
假如我现在能重新开始我的生命，我就要更注意记忆力的培养。我要采取一切可

能的办法，并且在一切可能的场合，增强记忆力。要正确无误地记住一些东西，

在开始阶段的确要作出一番小小的努力；但要不了多久，记忆力本身就会起作用

，使记忆成为轻而易举的事，只需及早培养，记忆自会成为一种才能。 

if i were a boy again, i would cultivate courage. “nothing is so mild 

and gentle as courage, nothing so cruel and pitiless as cowardice,” 

syas a wise author. 
we too often borrow trouble, and anticipate that may never appear.” 

the fear of ill exceeds the ill we fear.” dangers will arise in any 

career, but presence of mind will often conquer the worst of them. be 

prepared for any fate, and there is no harm to be freared. 
if i were a boy again, i would look on the cheerful side. life is very 

much like a mirror if you smile upon it, i smiles back upon you; but if 

you frown and look doubtful on it, you will get a similar look in 

return. 
inner sunshine warms not only the heart of the owner, but of all that 

come in contact with it. “ who shuts love out ,in turn shall be shut 

out from love.” 
if i were a boy again, i would school myself to say no more often. i 

might write pages on the importance of learning very early in life to 

gain that point where a young boy can stand erect, and decline doing an 

unworthy act because it is unworthy. 
if i were a boy again, i would demand of myself more courtesy towards 

my companions and friends, and indeed towards strangers as well. the 

smallest courtesies along the rough roads of life are like the little 

birds that sing to us all winter long, and make that season of ice and 

snow more endurable. 
finally, instead of trying hard to be happy, as if that were the sole 

purpose of life, i would , if i were a boy again, i would still try 

harder to make others happy. 
假如我又回到了童年，我就要培养勇气。一位明智的作家曾说过：“世上没有东

西比勇气更温文尔雅，也没有东西比懦怯更残酷无情。” 
我们常常过多地自寻烦恼，杞人忧天。“怕祸害比祸害本身更可怕。”凡事都有

危险，但镇定沉着往往能克服最严重的危险。对一切祸福做好准备，那么就没有

什么灾难可以害怕的了。 
假如我又回到了童年，我就要事事乐观。生活犹如一面镜子：你朝它笑，它也朝

你笑；如果你双眉紧锁，向它投以怀疑的目光，它也将还以你同样的目光。 
内心的欢乐不仅温暖了欢乐者自己的心，也温暖了所有与之接触者的心。“谁拒

爱于门外，也必将被爱拒诸门外。” 
假如我又回到了童年，我就要养成经常说“不”字的习惯。一个少年要能挺得起

腰，拒绝做不应该做的事，就因为这事不值得做。我可以写上好几页谈谈早年培

养这一点的重要性。 
假如我又回到了童年，我就要要求自己对伙伴和朋友更加礼貌，而且对陌生人也

应如此。在坎坷的生活道路上，最细小的礼貌犹如在漫长的冬天为我们歌唱的小

鸟，那歌声使冰天雪地的寒冬变得较易忍受。 
最后，假如我又回到了童年，我不会力图为自己谋幸福，好像这就是人生唯一的

目的；与之相反，我要更努力为他人谋幸福。