世界上最美丽的英文　人生短篇
all that is beautiful poems and passages of life
things do not change;we change.sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.
万物不变，是我们在变。你的衣服可以卖掉，但要保留你的思想
henry david thoreau


第一篇：a grain of sand
一粒沙子
　　　　william blake/威廉.布莱克
to see a world in a grain of sand,
and a heaven in a wild flower,
hold infinity in the palm of your hand,
and eternity in an hour.
从一粒沙子看到一个世界，
从一朵野花看到一个天堂，
把握在你手心里的就是无限，
永恒也就消融于一个时辰。

第二篇：love your life
　热爱生活
　　　　henry david thoreau/享利.大卫.梭罗
however mean your life is,meet it and live it ;do not shun it and call it hard names.it is not so bad as you are.it looks poorest when you are richest.the fault-finder will find faults in paradise.love your life,poor as it is.you may perhaps have some pleasant,thrilling,glorious hourss,even in a poor-house.the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms-house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.i do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there,and have as cheering thoughts,as in a palace.the town's poor seem to me often to live the most independent lives of any.may be they are simply great enough to receive without misgiving.most think that they are above being supported by the town;but it often happens that they are not above supporting themselves by dishonest means.which should be more disreputable.cultivate poverty like a garden herb,like sage.do not trouble yourself much to get new things,whether clothes or friends,turn the old,return to them.things do not change;we change.sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.

不论你的生活如何卑贱，你要面对它生活，不要躲避它，更别用恶言咒骂它。它不像你那样坏。你最富有的时候，倒是看似最穷。爱找缺点的人就是到天堂里也能找到缺点。你要爱你的生活，尽管它贫穷。甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳反射在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；在那门前，积雪同在早春融化。我只看到，一个从容的人，在哪里也像在皇宫中一样，生活得心满意足而富有愉快的思想。城镇中的穷人，我看，倒往往是过着最独立不羁的生活。也许因为他们很伟大，所以受之无愧。大多数人以为他们是超然的，不靠城镇来支援他们；可是事实上他们是往往利用了不正当的手段来对付生活，他们是毫不超脱的，毋宁是不体面的。视贫穷如园中之花而像圣人一样耕植它吧！不要找新的花样，无论是新的朋友或新的衣服，来麻烦你自己。找旧的，回到那里去。万物不变，是我们在变。你的衣服可以卖掉，但要保留你的思想。

第三篇
the pure.the bright,the beautiful, 一切纯洁的,辉煌的,美丽的,
that stirred our hearts in youth, 强烈地震撼着我们年轻的心灵的,
the impulses to wordless prayer, 推动着我们做无言的祷告的,
the dreams of love and truth; 让我们梦想着爱与真理的;
the longing after something's lost, 在失去后为之感到珍惜的,
the spirit's yearning cry, 使灵魂深切地呼喊着的,
the striving after better hopes- 为了更美好的梦想而奋斗着的-
these things can never die. 这些美好不会消逝。

the timid hand stretched forth to aid 羞怯地伸出援助的手，
a brother in his need, 在你的弟兄需要的时候，
a kindly word in grief's dark hour 伤恸、困难的时候，一句亲切的话
that proves a friend indeed ; 就足以证明朋友的真心；
the plea for mercy softly breathed, 轻声地乞求怜悯，
when justice threatens nigh, 在审判临近的时候，
the sorrow of a contrite heart- 懊悔的心有一种伤感--
these things shall never die. 这些美好不会消逝。

let nothing pass for every hand 在人间传递温情
must find some work to do ; 尽你所能地去做；
lose not a chance to waken love- 别错失去了唤醒爱的良机-----
be firm,and just ,and true; 为人要坚定，正直，忠诚；
so shall a light that cannot fade 因此上方照耀着你的那道光芒
beam on thee from on high. 就不会消失。
and angel voices say to thee---你将听到天使的声音在说-----
these things shall never die. 这些美好不会消逝。

第四篇
think it over……好好想想……

today we have higher buildings and wider highways,but shorter temperaments and narrower points of view;
今天我们拥有了更高层的楼宇以及更宽阔的公路，但是我们的性情却更为急躁，眼光也更加狭隘；

we spend more,but enjoy less;
我们消耗的更多，享受到的却更少；

we have bigger houses,but smaller famillies;
我们的住房更大了，但我们的家庭却更小了；

we have more compromises,but less time;
我们妥协更多，时间更少；

we have more knowledge,but less judgment;
我们拥有了更多的知识，可判断力却更差了；

we have more medicines,but less health;
我们有了更多的药品，但健康状况却更不如意；

we have multiplied out possessions,but reduced out values;
我们拥有的财富倍增，但其价值却减少了；

we talk much,we love only a little,and we hate too much;
我们说的多了，爱的却少了，我们的仇恨也更多了；

we reached the moon and came back,but we find it troublesome to cross our own street and meet our neighbors;
我们可以往返月球，但却难以迈出一步去亲近我们的左邻右舍；

we have conquered the uter space,but not our inner space;
我们可以征服外太空，却征服不了我们的内心；

we have highter income,but less morals;
我们的收入增加了，但我们的道德却少了；

these are times with more liberty,but less joy;
我们的时代更加自由了，但我们拥有的快乐时光却越来越少；

we have much more food,but less nutrition;
我们有了更多的食物，但所能得到的营养却越来越少了；

these are the days in which it takes two salaries for each home,but divorces increase;
现在每个家庭都可以有双份收入，但离婚的现象越来越多了；

these are times of finer houses,but more broken homes;
现在的住房越来越精致，但我们也有了更多破碎的家庭；

that's why i propose,that as of today;
这就是我为什么要说，让我们从今天开始；

you do not keep anything for a special occasion.because every day that you live is a special occasion.
不要将你的东西为了某一个特别的时刻而预留着，因为你生活的每一天都是那么特别；

search for knowledge,read more ,sit on your porch and admire the view without paying attention to your needs;
寻找更我的知识，多读一些书，坐在你家的前廊里，以赞美的眼光去享受眼前的风景，不要带上任何功利的想法；

spend more time with your family and friends,eat your favorite foods,visit the places you love;
花多点时间和朋友与家人在一起，吃你爱吃的食物，去你想去的地方；

life is a chain of moments of enjoyment;not only about survival;
生活是一串串的快乐时光；我们不仅仅是为了生存而生存；

use your crystal goblets.do not save your best perfume,and use it every time you feel you want it.
举起你的水晶酒杯吧。不要吝啬洒上你最好的香水，你想用的时候就享用吧！

remove from your vocabulary phrases like"one of these days"or "someday";
从你的词汇库中移去所谓的“有那么一天”或者“某一天”；

let's write that letter we thought of writing "one of these days"!
曾打算“有那么一天”去写的信，就在今天吧！

let's tell our families and friends how much we love them;
告诉家人和朋友，我们是多么地爱他们；

do not delay anything that adds laughter and joy to your life;
不要延迟任何可以给你的生活带来欢笑与快乐的事情；

every day,every hour,and every minute is special;
每一天、每一小时、每一分钟都是那么特别；

and you don't know if it will be your last.
你无从知道这是否最后刻。

第五篇

the life i desired
我所追求的生活

that must be the story of innumerable couples,and the pattern of lifeof life it offers has a homely grace.it reminds you of a placid rivulet,meandering smoohtly through green pastures and shaded by pleasant trees,till at last it falls into the vasty sea;but the sea is so calm,so silent,so infifferent,that you are troubled suddently by a vague uneasiness.perhaps it is only by a kink in my nature,strong in me even in those days,that i felt in such an existence,the share of the great majority,something amiss.i recognized its social value.i saw its ordered happiness,but a fever in my blood asked for a wilder course.there seemed to me something alarming in such easy delights.in my heart was desire to live more dangerously.i was not unprepared for jagged rocks and treacherous,shoals it i could only have change-change and the exicitement of unforeseen.

这一定是世间无数对夫妻的生活写照，这种生活模式给人一种天伦之美。它使人想起一条平静的溪流，蜿蜒畅游过绿茵的草场，浓荫遮蔽，最后注入烟波浩渺的汪洋大海；但是大海太过平静，太过沉默，太过不动声色，你会突然感到莫名的不安。也许这只是我自己的一种怪诞想法，在那样的时代，这想法对我影响很深：我觉得这像大多数人一样的生活，似乎欠缺了一点儿什么。我承认这种生活有社会价值，我也看到了它那井然有序的幸福，但我血液里的冲动却渴望一种更桀骜不驯的旅程．这样的安逸中好像有一种叫我惊惧不安的东西．我的心渴望一种更加惊险的生活。只要生活中还能有变迁―――以及不可知的刺激，我愿意踏上怪石嶙峋的山崖，奔赴暗礁满布的海滩。

第六篇:
virtue 美德

sweet day,so cool,so calm,so bright! 甜美的白昼，如此凉爽、安宁、明媚！
the bridal of the earth and sky- 天地间完美的匹配-----
the dew shall weep thy fall to-night; 今宵的露珠儿将为你的消逝而落泪；
for thou must die. 因为你必须离去。

sweet rose,whose hue angry and brave, 美丽的玫瑰，色泽红润艳丽，
bids the rash gazer wipe his eye, 令匆匆而过的人拭目而视，
thy root is ever in its grave, 你的根永远扎在坟墓里，
and thou must die. 而你必须消逝。

sweet spring,full of sweet days and roses, 美妙的春天，充满了美好的日子和芳香的玫瑰，
a box where sweets compacted lie, 如一支芬芳满溢的盒子，
my music shows ye have your closes, 我的音乐表明你们也有终止，
and all must die, 万物都得消逝。

only a sweet and virtuous soul, 唯有美好而正直的心灵，
like season'd timber,never gives; 犹如干燥备用的木料，永不走样；
but though the whole world turn to coal, 纵然整个世界变为灰烬，
then chiefly lives. 它依然流光溢彩。

第七篇:
the country maid and her milk can
村姑和牛奶罐

a country maid was walking along with a can of milk upon her head,when she fell into the following train of reflections."the money for which i shall sell this milk will enable me to increase my stock of eggs to three hundred,these eggs,allowing for what may prove addle,and what may be destroyed by vermin,will produce at least two hundred and fifty chickens.the chickens will be fit to carry to market just at the time when poultry is always dear;so that by the new year i cannot fail of having money enough to purchase a new gown.green-let me consider-yes,green becomes my complexion best .and green it shall be, in this dress i will go to the fair,where all young fellows will strive to have me for a parter;but no-i shall refuse every one of them,and with a disdainful toss turn from them."

transported with this idea,she could not forbear acting with her head the thought that passed in her mind,when down came the can of milk!and all her imaginary happiness vanished in a moment.

一个村姑头上顶着一罐牛奶在路上行走。走着走着，她的脑子里浮现出一连串的幻想：“我卖了这罐牛奶后，用这笔钱买鸡蛋，这样我有的鸡蛋可以增加到300个。用这300个鸡蛋孵小鸡，这就算有坏的、生虫的，至少也能孵出250只小鸡。等小鸡长大后，正好能赶上卖个好市价；那么到了新年，我就能有钱买一件新晚装。买一件绿色的――让我好好想想――对，绿色与我的肤色最相衬。我穿上这件衣服去赶集，所有的年轻小伙子都会抢着邀请我做舞伴；但是不行――我要轻蔑地把头一扬，转身过去不理他们，让他们人人都碰个钉子。
她想得得意忘形，情不自禁地把头一扬，刹那间，牛奶罐跌了下来！她幻想的一切幸福间破灭了。

第八篇:
the day is cold,and dark,and dreary;
it rains,and the wind is never weary;
the vine still clings to the moldering wall,
but at every gust the dead leaves fall,
and the day is dark and dreary.

my life is cold and dark and dreary;
it rains and the wind is never weary;
my though still cling to the moldering past,
but the hopes of youth fall thick in the blast,
and the days are dark and dreary.

be still,sad heart!and cease repining;
behind the clouds is the sun still shining;
thy fate is the common fate of all,
into each life some rain must fall,
some days must be dark and dreary.

天冷、阴暗、沉闷；
下着雨，风也刮个不停；
藤还攀附着颓垣残壁，
每来一阵狂风，枯叶附落纷纷，
天真是阴暗而沉闷。

我的生活寒冷、阴郁、沉闷；
下着雨，风也刮个不停；
我的思想还纠缠着消逝的往事，
大风里，我的青春希望相继熄灭，
天真是阴暗而沉闷。

安静吧，忧伤的心！别再悔恨；
乌云后面太阳依然辉煌灿烂；
你命运和大家的一样，
每个人一生都得逢上阴雨，
有些日子必然阴暗而沉闷。

第九篇：
love 爱情

i love you not because of who you are,but because of who i am when i am with you.
我爱你，不是因为你是一个怎样的人，而是因为我喜欢与你在一起时的感觉。

no man or woman is worth your tears,and the one who is ,won't make you cry.
没有人值得你流泪，值得让你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。

the worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
失去某人，最糟糕的莫过于，他近在身旁，却犹如远在天边。

never frown,even when you are sad,because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
纵然伤心，也不要悉眉不展，因为你不知是谁会爱上你的笑容。

to the world you may be one person,but to one person you may be the world.
对于世界而言，你是一个人；但是对于某人，你是他的整个世界。

don't waste your time on a man/woman,who isn't willing to waste their time on you.
不要为那些不愿在你身上花费时间的人而浪费你的时间。

just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to,doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
爱你的人如果没有按你所希望的方式爱你，那并不代表他们没有全心全意地爱你。

don't try to hard,the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。

maybe god wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one,so that when we finally meet the person,we will know how to be grateful.
在遇到梦中人之前，上天也许会安排我们先遇到别人；在我们终于遇见心仪的人时，便应当心存感激。

don't cry because it is over,smile because it happened.
不要因为结束而哭泣，微笑吧，为你的曾经拥有。


life is a pure flame,and we live by an invisible sun within us.
-------sir thomas browne
“生命是束纯净的火焰，我们依靠自己内心看不见的太阳而存在。”
--------托马斯。布朗爵士

第十篇
bidding the lovely scenes at distance hail!
向远方的美景欢呼！

-and see no end to the landscape,new objects presenting themselves as we advance;so,in the commencement of life,we set no bounds to our inclinations.nor to the unrestricted opportunities of grastifying them.we have as yet found no obstacle,no disposition to flag;and it seems that we can go on so forever.we look round in a new world,full of life,and motion,and ceaseless progress;and feel in ourselves all the vigour and spirit to keep pace with it,and do not foresee from any present symptoms how we shall be left behind in the natural course of things,decline into old age,and drop into the grave.it is the simplicity,and as it were abstractedness of our feelings in youth,that(so to speak)identifies us with nature ,and(our experience being slight and our passions strong)deludes us into a belief of being immortal like it.our short-lives connexion with existence we fondly flatter ourselves,is an indissoluble and lasting union-a honeymoon that knows neither coldness,jar,nor separation.as infants smile and sleep,we are rocked in the cradle of our wayward fancies,and lulled into security by the roar of the universe around us0we quaff the cup of life with eager haste without draining it,instead of which it only overflows the more-objects press around us,filling the mind with their magnitude and with the strong of desires that wait upon them,so that we have no room for the thoughts of death.

此时，但觉好风光应接不暇，而且，前程更有美不胜收的新鲜景致。在这生活的开端，我们听任自己的志趣驰骋，放手给它们一切满足的机会。到此为止，我们还没有碰上过什么障碍，也没有感觉到什么疲惫，因此觉得还可以一直这样向前走去，直到永远。我们看到四周一派新天地――生机盎然，变动不居，日新月异；我们觉得自己活力充盈，精神饱满，可与宇宙并驾齐驱。而且，眼前也无任何迹象可以证明，在大自然的发展过程中，我们自己也会落伍，衰老，进入坟墓。由于年轻人天真单纯，可以说是茫然无知，因而将自己跟大自然划上等号；并且，由于经验少而感情盛，误以为自己也能和大自然一样永世长存。我们一厢情愿，痴心妄想，竟把自己在世上的暂时栖身，当作千古不变、万事长存的结合，好像没有冷淡、争执、离别的密月。像婴儿带着微笑入睡，我们躺在用自己编织成的摇篮里，让大千世界的万籁之声催哄我们安然入梦；我们急切切，兴冲冲地畅饮生命之杯，怎么也不会饮干，反而好像永远是满满欲溢；森罗万象纷至沓来，各种欲望随之而生，使我们腾不出工夫想死亡。

第十一篇：
a forever friend
永远的朋友

"a friend walk in when the rest of the world walks out."
"别人都走开的时候，朋友仍与你在一起。”

sometimes in life,
有时候在生活中，

you find a special friend;
你会找到一个特别的朋友;

someone who changes your life just by being part of it.
他只是你生活中的一部分内容，却能改变你整个的生活。

someone who makes you laugh until you can't stop;
他会把你逗得开怀大笑；

someone who makes you believe that there really is good in the world.
他会让你相信人间有真情。

someone who convinces you that there really is an unlocked door just waiting for you to open it.
他会让你确信，真的有一扇不加锁的门，在等待着你去开启。

this is forever friendship.
这就是永远的友谊。

when you're down,
当你失意，

and the world seems dark and empty,
当世界变得黯淡与空虚，

your forever friend lifts you up in spirits and makes that dark and empty world
suddenly seem bright and full.
你真正的朋友会让你振作起来，原本黯淡、空虚的世界顿时变得明亮和充实。

your forever friend gets you through the hard times,the sad times,and the confused times.
你真正的朋友会与你一同度过困难、伤心和烦恼的时刻。

if you turn and walk away,
你转身走开时，

your forever friend follows,
真正的朋友会紧紧相随，

if you lose you way,
你迷失方向时，

your forever friend guides you and cheers you on.
真正的朋友会引导你，鼓励你。

your forever friend holds your hand and tells you that everything is going to be okay.
真正的朋友会握着你的手，告诉你一切都会好起来的。

and if you find such a friend,
如果你找到了这样的朋友，

you feel happy and complete,
你会快乐，觉得人生完整，

because you need not worry,
因为你无需再忧虑。

your have a forever friend for life,
你拥有了一个真正的朋友，

and forever has no end.
永永远远，永无止境。
